2/2 (#92)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2024-02-02.md

This is the weekly CEO update from [DoltHub](https://www.dolthub.com/). I'm Tim, the CEO of DoltHub. 

Tomorrow, I'm the ripe old age of 44. Palindrome birthdays are the best birthdays.

### Better MySQL Function Support

MySQL supports [a lot of functions](https://docs.dolthub.com/sql-reference/sql-support/expressions-functions-operators#functions-and-operators). Previously, our Dolt function support strategy has been to wait for people to ask before we implement a missing function. We can usually turn around a function in a day or so. 

> Recently, we've gotten more proactive. [James](https://www.dolthub.com/team#james) is [hard wat work](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-01-29-sql-improvement/) implementing functions Dolt is missing, roughly is easiest to hardest order. Please don't hesitate to [ask us](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt/issues) for functions you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, we've gotten more proactive. [James](https://www.dolthub.com/team#james) is [hard at work](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2024-01-29-sql-improvement/) implementing functions Dolt is missing, roughly in easiest to hardest order. Please don't hesitate to [ask us](https://github.com/dolthub/dolt/issues) for functions you need.
```
